# FirstClass_Interior
FirstClass_Interior Description of Project: The First Class Interiors company is looking for a website where they can show off their designs. The website will have to be user friendly and more interactive. As the website needs to be user friendly, they want four pages, in order for it to be easy to follow on. We will be adding a Homepage, contact page, about page and a shop page. Within these pages the company has some requirements that we must respect. These requirements consist of the homepage including images of all their recent projects to attract customers. The contact page to have a form so the company can recieve the message as well as icluding the end users imporant contact information. The about page will need the companys important contact information as well as including their staff members and their establishment year. The shop page will need the images of items as well as the prices for which they are selling it for. Most importantly they need a horizontal navigation bar on every page. This will make it user friendly. Purpose: The company wants to promote their business country-wide so that they could earn more profit in order for their business to be successful. To do this, the website needs to be accessable, and very easy to follow along for the end users. This way they will get good reviews and for end users to most likely use their business. They want end users to have a good time on their website. Your Company Credits: All credit goes to First Class Interiors
